hi everyone and welcome to tgif f or
thank goodness it's loop Friday where I
answer all of your questions so I've
been getting lots of emails a lot of
them with the same question so I thought
I would just take the time to answer
them all at once so question number one
where do you buy a policy well first i
bought my hula see one of them from
virtual village calm but you can also
get the many other places from ebay
amazon I've seen them on eason music com
that spelled EAS o n I've also seen them
in some world market specialty shops so
you can also get them there and they
range anywhere from around twenty
dollars to a hundred and fifty dollars
so it just depends on what you're
looking for and what's in your budget
the next question is my who Lucy finally
arrived in the mail and is broken what
is going on help me Elizabeth okay well
for starters when I first got one of my
first tool to season the mail I remember
I was so excited and I played it and it
didn't work and I was like what is up
with this piece of junk okay so listen
this is what it sounded like maybe
that's what your sounded like notice it
sounds like all the same no matter how
many notes i play it sounds like the
same tone well watch this
a ok so it just might take a little bit
more air than you're used to playing
with I don't know whatever instrument
you started on but just think about
directing the air downwards and you're
just probably going to have to blow more
than you're used to the next question is
where do I buy a tin whistle well to
answer your question there are dozens
and dozens and dozens of places to buy
penny whistles I don't have time to list
them all but I purchased my Tim whistles
at the whistle shop calm it's a great
website and the brands that I usually
play on is called the generation penny
whistle okay these are the brass set
that i have and i also bought a nice
little case to go along with them so
that whenever I travel I can just close
it up and go on to the recording studio
I also have another brand that plays
really nicely i got it in a specialty
shop in San Francisco it was around
twelve fifteen dollars the ones the
generation penny whistles at the whistle
shop cost me around seven dollars a
piece so they were really quite
reasonable I know a lot of professional
players including myself I've done
recordings on generation penny whistles
and i will be posting an example online
so you guys can listen to it and be the
judge but i know a lot of people that
have done movie recordings with
generation penny whistles I also know
some professionals prefer some called
the able company that's a B e ll and
those costs about six to seven hundred
dollars so i think it's just whatever is
in your budget and whatever whatever
sound you prefer ah now here's a
question that i've been getting over and
over and over again what type of penny
whistle do you play on in
your video of the Lord of the Rings for
my lord of the rings video concerning
hobbits the penny whistle or 10 whistle
that I use is a generation in the key of
E flat okay and in the movie I know they
use a tin whistle in the key of D
Elizabeth what type of flute do you plan
well I play on it's called murah matsu
and one I have is the des with a heavy
wall and it has open hole and a extended
be foot joint and when I first started
playing the flute I played on a Bundy
for a couple years and then I upgrade it
to a good mine heart for a couple years
and then after that I switched to the
Murrah matsu brand and I love it I
absolutely love it how long have you
been playing the flute well I've been
playing the flute for approximately 16
years well thanks again for joining me
for tgif f thank goodness it's flute
friday and if you would like to submit a
question please go to my website
inspirational flute calm or Elizabeth
pellissery calm and there's a contact
page for an email link where you can
just contact me directly and I hope that
you will send me your questions or if
you would prefer you can respond to this
YouTube video just send a video response
and i hope to compile some more
questions for another tgif f and
remember music is the music unless
you're having fun